# Invoice Generator

This tool can be used to generate receipts using a predefined template.
Receipts are generated by a combination of 5 essential files
- Configuration file Config.json 
- The receipt template (XLSX)
- Details of each appartement 
- Dues per appartement.

## Running the tool
After preparing the above required files the receipts can be generated by executing the following command.

`InvoiceGenerator.exe 'PathToConfigFile'`

## Modifying Receipt content

Each of the 4 files mentioned above contain different data that can be used to modify the contents of the receipt.

#### Config.json
This has some properties for receipt generation
- First Invoice Number
- Invoice format
- File path for AppartementDetails, Dues and Invoice Template.

#### Template.xlsx
Please make sure to not add/delete any row or column because contents will get filled in wrong cells.
The only allowed changes are clearing/updating contents of a cell.

#### AppartementDetails.xlsx
This contains information regarding each appartement. Changes to this file are expected only if the resident changes in the appartement.
- Owner
- Resident Type
- CAM charge

#### Dues.xlsx
This contains information which changes for each billing cycle for each appartment.
Examples are previous dues,  penalty and any special charges.
To add a special charge, please create a new column in this file at the end of the table.
The column header will be added in the invoice.

####Ideal Process
                    
```seq
User-->AppartementDetails.xlsx: Update Resident information (if any)
User->Dues.xlsx: Create Dues file with due amount and penalties.
User-->Template.xlsx: Update template invoice (due date, period etc)
User->Config: Update first invoice number and/or format.
User-->Tool: Run the tool.
```